Brother, why did you leave the king there alone?
How could you do that?
He cost me 50,000
500,000 got me seriously hurt
My legs are all wet
Brother, you clearly know that there is a problem with the king here
You dragged him to the game like that
How can you stop on your knees?
You are my sister
She is an outsider
Look at my whole body
It hurts everywhere
Why are you turning your elbows out?
Do you have to talk to him?
It's not that the earth is gone, he won't pull it
If the martial arts hall is gone, he will not shoot.
Harming the owner like this
And lose so much money
It's good if you don't ask him to lose money, right?
2 Ah, you've been saying this for your whole life
It's brother
How did you become like this?
Have you forgotten?
That 50,000 dollars
It was obtained by the big eater who defeated Jinli
If not for him
We have long been closed since the back facial features
And those who fight to the death in the ring
This big eater is not you
He finally defeated Li Hu
That 500,000 in exchange for his life
That 2 million
He just blames the boss for tempting you.
It's you who are overwhelmed by victory
How could you hang it on his head?
But the big eater king himself said he can turn it around
Know Gu Haoran
Don't blame the dragon
Know how good he is
But does the big eater know?
Does he know who Gu Haoran is?
Do you know what Feilong Martial Arts Hall is?
Everyone who knew he lost the city
Did you lose your legs?
Brother, you really
I'm so disappointed.
Second generation, let's go
Why are you going, old man?
No, why are you looking at me like that?
What are you doing? Find someone